# Privacy Policy - OctoVox Plugin

This privacy policy describes how johnnyruzdev (John Ruzick) (“johnnyruzdev”, “us” or “we”) protects your (“you”, “the user”) privacy and your data. Before using any of our OctoPrint Plugins (“our plugins”), please read this policy as well as the [OctoPrint Privacy Policy](https://octoprint.org/privacy/).

If you use one of our plugins you fully agree to this privacy policy.

## General
The OctoPrint-OctoVox Plugin uses two external services to function. A user management and registration portal, and an API/Database to store printer information. Upon successful configuration, your OctoPrint server will occasionally publish updates to the service via the API. These updates are secured using your unique printer API key. This is NOT your OctoPrint API key! At no point will you need to provide your OctoPrint API key or Url, and you do not need to expose your server to the public.

## Data
In order to successfully use this plugin, you will have to create an account with the OctoVox service which leverages Amazon Cognito for user account creation and authentication.

The OctoVox app will have access to the following information from the Cognito service:
- Email Address
- Unique User ID Generated by Cognito
- Whether or not the user account has been confirmed

Furthermore, the OctoVox application is designed to capture and store data about the status of your 3d printer. This data is only connected to the email address used to create your account and is never connected to any personal information. This data is all read-only and the OctoVox service has no ability to control your printer either directly or through OctoPrint. See the section below about the exact data points that are captured by OctoVox.

We never collect or share personal data with our plugins. Also, collected printer information will be removed from the database if a device has not checked-in with the service in the previous 10 calendar days. 

To improve our services we analyze how often printers are reporting status updates, as well as how often status requests are made from a linked voice platform (i.e. Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant).

## Changes
Our plugins or parts of it may change or be updated at any time. Further, this Privacy Policy might change. You can find a link to this policy on the settings page of the plugin within OctoPrint or on the Github Page for the OctoPrint-OctoVox repository. Your continued use of our skill after changes of the Privacy Policy or the skill itself will be seen as your acceptance of both.


## What Data is Stored in the OctoVox Database (Updated as of 7/29/2019)
 - Email address
 - Printer Name
 - Encrypted Printer Key Value
 - Printer Status (Offline, Operational, Printing, etc.)
 - Hot End Temperature
 - Bed Temperature
 - Current Job Completion Percentage
 - Current Job Z-height
 - Current Filename
 - Previous Job Duration
 - Previous Job Result (Completed, Cancelled, Failed, etc.)
 
_Printers and their status are removed from the database if they have not checked-in within 10 days_
