# Privacy Policy - My Three D Print Server Google Action

This privacy policy describes how johnnyruzdev (John Ruzick) (“johnnyruzdev”, “us” or “we”) protects your (“you”, “the user”) privacy and your data. Before using any of our Google Actions (“our actions”), please read this policy and our Google Actions Terms of Use, as well as the Google Terms of Use and the Privacy Policies by the Google LLC (with its affiliates, “Google”).

Regarding Google, "Google Home", "Google Assistant", “Actions”, "OK, Google", "Hello, Google" or any similar phrase means their Google Voice Service which includes third party services (like our actions) and other related Software.

If you use one of our actions you fully agree to this privacy policy.

## General
When you use our actions you have to talk to Google. This voice input is sent to Google and us where we use it to understand what our action should do for you. This is absolutely necessary for our service to give you an appropriate answer.

The My Three D Print Server Google Action is used to interact with the OctoPrint-OctoVox Plugin for OctoPrint Connected 3D Printers.

## Data
In order to successfully use this action, you will have to create an account. User account creation and authentication are managed through the AWS Cognito platform.

The OctoVox app will have access to the following information from the Cognito service:
- Email Address
- Unique User ID Generated by Cognito
- Whether or not the user account has been confirmed

Furthermore, the OctoVox application is designed to capture and store data about the status of your 3d printer. This data is only connected to the email address used to create your account and is never connected to any personal information.

We never collect or share personal data with our actions.

Collected printer information will be removed from the database if a device has not checked-in with the service in the previous 10 calendar days. 

To improve our services we analyze automatically how often utterances are spoken and other analytics. This is done automatically by Google in the Google Actions Developer Portal.

## Changes
Our actions or parts of it may change or be updated at any time. Further, this Privacy Policy might change. You can find a link to this policy on the description page of the action in the Google Assistant App or in the Google Assistant Directory. Your continued use of our action after changes of the Privacy Policy or the action itself will be seen as your acceptance of both.
