# Privacy Policy - Octolexa Skill

This privacy policy describes how johnnyruzdev (John Ruzick) (“johnnyruzdev”, “us” or “we”) protects your (“you”, “the user”) privacy and your data. Before using any of our Alexa Skills (“our skills”), please read this policy and our Alexa Skills Terms of Use, as well as the Alexa Terms of Use and the Privacy Policies by the Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, “Amazon”).

Regarding Amazon, “Alexa” means their Alexa Voice Service which includes third party services (like our skills) and other related Software.

If you use one of our skills you fully agree to this privacy policy.

## General
When you use our skills you have to talk to Alexa. This voice input is sent to Amazon and us where we use it to understand what our skill should do for you. This is absolutely necessary for our service to give you an appropriate answer.

## Data
In order to successfully use this skill, you will have to create an account through the Amazon Cognito service.

The Octolexa app will have access to the following information from the Cognito service:
- Email Address
- Unique User ID Generated by Cognito
- Whether or not the user account has been confirmed

Furthermore, the Octoalexa application is designed to capture and store data about the status of your 3d printer. This data is only connected to the email address used to create your account and is never connected to any personal information.

We never collect or share personal data with our skills.

Collected printer information will be removed from the database if a device has not checked-in with the service in the previous 10 calendar days. 

To improve our services we analyze automatically how often utterances are spoken and other analytics. This is done automatically by Amazon in the Amazon Developer Portal.

## Changes
Our skills or parts of it may change or be updated at any time. Further, this Privacy Policy might change. You can find a link to this policy on the description page of the skill in the Alexa App or in the Alexa Store. Your continued use of our skill after changes of the Privacy Policy or the skill itself will be seen as your acceptance of both.
